anxious-tashvishlangan
awful-juda yomon
consist-tashkil topmoq
desire-hoxlamoq
eager-chanqoq, sabrsiz
household-oila a`zolari
intent-niyat, maqsad
landscape-landshaft, manzara
lift-ko'tarmoq
load-yuklamoq
lung-opka
motion-ishora, harakat
pace-temp, surat
polite-odobli
possess-egalik qilmoq
rapidly-juda tez
remark-ta`kidlamoq
seek-qidirmoq
shine-nur taratmoq
spill-to'kib yubormoq
bring-keltirmoq, olib kelmoq
castle-qasr, saroy
command-buyruq bermoq
counsel-maslahat bermoq
ensure-ta`minlamoq
expolision-portlash
jewelry-taqinchoq
land-qo'nmoq
meteor-meteorit
monster-mahluq
nothern-shimoliy
remote-olis, uzoq
southern-janubiy
statue-haykal
steam-par, bug'
submit-bo'ysunmoq
temple-ibodatxona
upper-yuqori, ustki
weed-begona o't
wing-qanot
arrow-o'q, yoy
battle-urush
bow-kamon
brave-qo'rqmas, jasur
chief-boshliq, sardor
disadvantage-kamchilik
enemy-dushman, g'anim
entrance-kirish yo'li
hardly-arang, zorg'a
intend-niyat qilmoq
laughter-kulgu, shodlik
log-g'o'la
military-armiya
obey-bo'ysunmoq, itoat etmoq
secure-olmoq, qo'lga kiritmoq
steady-barqaror, muttasil
trust-ishonmoq, inonmoq
twist-aylantirib bog'lamoq
unless-...magan taqdirda
weapon-qurol yarog'
chest-bag'r
confidance-ishonch, dadillik
consequence-natija, oqibat
disaster-falokat, halokat
disturb-tashvishga solmoq
estimate-tahminan hisoblamoq
honor-sharaflamoq, hurmat qilmoq
impress-lol qoldirmoq
marathon-marafon
narrow-tor
pale-xira
rough-g'adir budir, dag'al
satisfy-qoniqtirmoq, mamnun qilmoq
screem-baqirmoq, qichqirmoq
sensitive=sezuvchan, ta'sirchan
shade-soya
supplement-to'ldirmoq, qo'shmoq
terror-dahshat,qo'rquv
threat-xatar, xavf
victim-qurbon
ancester-ajdod
angle-taraf, tomon, burchak
boot-etik
border-chegara
congratulate-tabriklamoq, qutlamoq
frame-ramka
heaven-jannat
incredible-aqlga sig'mas
legend-afsona
praise-maqtamoq
proceed-bir yo'nalishda bormoq
pure-sof, musaffo
relative-qarindosh
senior-katta yoshdagi
silent-jim, sokin, tinch
sink-cho'kmoq
superior-ustun, yuqori
surround-o'rab olmoq
thick-qalin, keng
wrap-o'ramoq
abord-xorij, chet el
anger-jahlini chiqarmoq
bride-kelinchak
brief-qisqa
chase-quvlamoq, quvmoq
disappoint-hafa qilmoq
dive-suvga sakramoq, sho'ng'imoq
exchange-ayirboshlash
favor-yordam, muruvvat
fee-to'lov, badal
forever-abadiy, umrbot
guy-erkak kishi
lovely-yoqimli, go'zal
mood-kayfiyat
palace-qasr, saroy
permit-ruxsat etmoq
protest-norozilik bildirmoq
sculpture-haykal
tribe-qabila
youth-yoshlik payti
